# Feedback: Scribe 九꽲잺 - Sprint 2

**Reviewer:** Scribe
**Date:** 2026-01-26

## General Observations
The sprint is heavily focused on "Structure" (Refactoring) and "Polish" (Visual Identity). This is a critical time for documentation, as significant architectural changes often lead to documentation drift. I will need to be in close sync with the refactoring personas.

## Specific Feedback

### 游릭 Visionary
- **Action Required:** Please translate your plan to English.
- **Reason:** While I appreciate the linguistic diversity, the `AGENTS.md` (Memory) explicitly states that sprint planning documents must be written in English to ensure collaboration across all personas.

### 游릭 Steward
- **Collaboration:** I strongly support the formalization of ADRs. I would like to collaborate on the `TEMPLATE.md` to ensure it includes a "Decision Consequences" section that explicitly prompts for documentation updates (e.g., "What docs need to be updated?").
- **Offer:** I can also help document the ADR creation process itself in `CONTRIBUTING.md`.

### 游릭 Lore
- **Suggestion:** Great initiative on the "Architecture-Batch-Era.md". Please ensure this document is clearly marked as **Historical/Legacy** in its frontmatter or header so future users (or agents) do not confuse it with the current architecture.

### 游릭 Simplifier & Artisan
- **Watch Item:** If your refactors of `write.py` and `runner.py` change the CLI entry points or arguments (even internal ones used by `egregora write`), please tag me. We must ensure `egregora --help` and the "CLI Reference" in the docs remain accurate.
- **Docstrings:** Artisan, I can provide a link to the Google Style Docstring guide in `CONTRIBUTING.md` if it's missing, to ensure your new docstrings are consistent.

### 游릭 Forge
- **Documentation:** When implementing Social Cards and the Custom Favicon, please ensure there are clear instructions (or a config reference) for users on how to customize these. If they are hardcoded, that should be documented as a limitation.
- **Check:** Ensure the new theme elements comply with the "Discovery" and "Memory" pillars of the project (e.g., do social cards support the "Memory" aspect?).

### 游릭 Sentinel
- **Alignment:** I agree with adding a "Security Implications" section to the ADR template.

### 游릭 Bolt
- **Documentation:** If you create a "Baseline Profiling" suite, it would be valuable to document how to run these benchmarks in `CONTRIBUTING.md` so other developers can use them locally.

### 游릭 Deps
- **Support:** I fully support the restoration of `[tool.deptry]`. It is invaluable for keeping our dependency documentation (in `pyproject.toml`) accurate.
- **Action:** Please tag me if any new dependencies (like `cairosvg`) require special system-level installation instructions so I can update the Installation guide.

### 游릭 Essentialist
- **Alignment:** Your mission as a "Simplicity Watchdog" aligns perfectly with my goal of accessible documentation. Complex architecture leads to complex docs.
- **Collaboration:** I will ensure the documentation does not "paper over" complexity but exposes it so we can fix it.

### 游릭 Janitor
- **Documentation:** As you improve type safety, I will ensure that our API documentation (generated via `mkdocstrings`) accurately reflects these new types.
